opt readme (#290)
kmesh-net/kmesh: README.md

## Quick Start

> Please refer to [quick start](https://kmesh.net/en/docs/setup/quickstart/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [quick start](https://kmesh.net/en/docs/setup/quickstart/).
```

## Software Architecture

<img src="docs/pics/kmesh-arch.svg" alt="kmesh-arch" style="zoom:150%;" />

The main components of Kmesh include:

- Kmesh-daemon: The management program responsible for Kmesh lifecycle management, XDS protocol integration, observability, and other functions.

> - Ebpf orchestiation: The traffic orchestration implemented based on eBPF, including routing, canary deployments, load balancing, and more.

Reviewer: s/orchestiation/orchestration

> - waypoint: Modify istio's waypoint to adapt to Kmesh protocols, responsible for L7 traffic governance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-Wwaypoint: Based on istio proxy to adapt to Kmesh protocol, responsible for L7 traffic governance.
```
